Systems Engineer / DevOps
We’re looking for a systems person. You might call yourself a systems, dev tools, infra, or dev ops engineer, or Someone Who Makes Things Work. If you are excited by the challenge of building a platform that trains and runs hundreds of AI services in a multi-node environment, this role is for you.
Our stack is built on Cloud Native components such as Kubernetes, Envoy, gRPC, and Jaeger. We take microservices to the heart and everything we do is scalable from day one. We run in the highest compute environments available in the market: currently, we run in a cluster of DGXs from NVIDIA. We are an AI-first company and we believe that “data writes software”. To that end, we instrument everything we can in our platform. We crunch this data so that it helps the Systems Engineer in you make a better system.
Our team is a mix of skill sets: folks with Systems background, folks with Deep Learning background, and folks who know a little of everything enterprise. We value being a top-notch organization with a strong engineering-driven culture, and have the same high standards with our code, systems, and people. We value learning and growth (and not being bored) and hire diverse, well-rounded, communicative people we can envision being friends with and trusting.

More About the Job
Build and support infrastructure for scale.
Support our culture of “you build it, you own it” through support and tooling that scales with a rapidly growing eng team. This includes: Dev tooling including CI/CD pipeline, testing systems & environments, Infrastructure services, Monitoring, alerting tools, and methodologies, Security services & tooling.
Identify and use external services whenever they make sense; we want to hack existing tools for our purposes rather than build everything in-house!

You Have
Background and experience in software development, for example a Computer Science degree (or comparable) and several years’ working experience in non-trivial software development.
Experience with containers, orchestration, registries, and air-gapped systems.
Experience with scale & performance.
You worry about what happens when we have 100x more customers, but are practical and experienced to know how to solve what you need to right now.
You’ve experimented with networking shenanigans that could be very powerful if done correctly (e.g., code injection through proxies).
Experience with security systems, techniques, and tools.

Bonus Points
You know enough about nvidia-docker to be dangerous.
You have general knowledge of Machine Learning workflow.
You’ve led a team to a good outcome a few times, and the team would reflect positively on it.

You Are
Emotionally mature & humble. You care about being effective over being right. Ideally you’ve made major changes & decisions in your life and learned from the results.
Communicative & empathetic. You are happy when helping others succeed. An open-minded learner. You live to learn new things, like staying up to date on new technologies, tools, and techniques. You are inspired by what's possible as well as what people inside and outside your organization know, and eager to incorporate the best into your work.
Someone with extremely high standards. You’re practical and know perfect is the enemy of good, but you aspire for us to be great.
An owner. You feel personally accountable and responsible and know seeing the problem is less than half of it. You look for problems and inefficiencies and find elegant solutions to them before they become major issues.
Fast-paced. You love the speed of and impact you have in startups. Conversely you never, ever want to be a tiny cog in a gigantic machine.
An advocate for the end user. You think about how our customers will interact with the service and champion positive changes.
A systems thinker. You think about how your designs will affect other aspects of the service and how it will evolve in the future.

Apply
If this all sounds exciting, please shoot us an email at [eacharya]@[projectlucy].[dev] - without of course the brackets. We are a rapidly growing team - so if this is not exactly what you are looking for, drop us a line anyway.

Key Words
Rancher, Kubernetes, Docker, micro-service, Python

